i'm filming this on my phone because
i've had the hiccups for the past 10
minutes and i've been trying to film a
take talk so i just decided to go home
and i'll probably
film it there um but yeah here's my
process on how i film tick tock so
here's scene one i got the bean bag the
cool colors i actually have notes on the
floor i don't know if you yeah there we
go notes on the floor and i have
lighting right here so let's see how it
goes so i almost never get these videos
first trying to adopt a healthy habit of
changing up your posture
however
even good posture
and as you can see my memory sucks and i
have to do it several times
and adopt a healthy habit of changing up
your posture however
even good posture can result in neck
pain because you're not moving it enough
ah there we go
so i just recorded the first and the
last clip of my tik tok um because i
want it to be a seamless loop and i love
my transition so i'm having fun with
this
and now time to go record the first clip
let's go
hopefully my phone doesn't overheat
but
let's get started also super noisy i
have to wait for planes and cars
[Music]
so the reason why i like making these
tick tocks is because i have a pet peeve
in the fitness industry there's a lot of
indigestible content it with me motion
is lotion that's right movement heals
spending
any spending prolonged periods of time
in any posture can have a negative
impact and cause pain in your neck
i don't like that clip and what i mean
by indigestible content is they give you
all the right information but they
deliver it so poorly that you're never
gonna remember it with me motion is
lotion that's right movement heals so i
make fun tick tocks to trick people into
learning spending prolonged periods of
time in any posture can cause neck pain
so i stood up in that transition so the
next scene i need to stand up
and then i'll be demonstrating the
actual exercise so
let's go do it
next scene i don't have two tripods so
this will have to do
all you need is a net for a
you can clasp your hands behind your
back and squeeze them down to lengthen
your shoulders further away
[Music]
too much noise take two alright now that
take two is done here's the tick tock
even good posture can lead to neck pain
because you're not moving it enough
say it with me motion is lotion that's
right movement heals spending prolonged
periods of time in any posture can cause
neck pain
all you need is a neck preferably yours
all you do is just drop one ear toward
the shoulder while lengthening your
shoulders away in fact you can clasp
your hands behind your back to deepen
the stretch by pulling the shoulders
further away after 30 seconds of this
twist your face to the floor and do 30
seconds of this
then do it on the other side
and adopt a healthy habit of changing up
your posture however
even good posture can lead to neck pain
because you're not moving it enough
so now you know what goes into a tick
tock and even though the videos are
pretty effortless and just they flow
really well
a lot of work goes into these videos i
plan them out i script them out i fact
check myself
and i have a lot of fun doing it and if
you didn't know i'm a fully and
comprehensively certified pilates
instructor and that's why i have a
really good base of knowledge but yeah i
hope to make more videos on youtube
including routines so stick around for
that and then soon i got something
coming in the works um hopefully we can
get a program that you guys can sign up
for so
you guys have a wonderful rest of your
day and stay flexy